hey guys it's like o matic nine and ten
want to show you uh these three American
vehicles that you guys told me I need
and make because on my world war ii
video you guys said I need to make
American vehicles and so first start off
start out with those back
it's my World War two half track now
this came out really nice
it's all my design it's gray so you're
always pretty good on carpet it we're
rolling really good it's got front
wheels and it's got the doors that open
up the only thing is that only one
person can sit in the like the cab of it
so yeah and then if the people don't
have their guns eight people can sit
back here I might only have five and
then it's in the back it's got a ramp
that comes down so I really like it
saw my design yeah so that's basically
my half-track then this Willys Jeep
thing I used to help me with this is
lego world war 2 Willys Jeep his
instructions helped me build this a lot
so I really liked it I I really like how
it came out it's very nice so yeah three
people can fit in it for if the 50 Cal
isn't there yeah so that's my will of
Willys Jeep
yeah and then this is the most recent
one that I've made it's probably my
favorite it is my Sherman tank this
thing is all my design completely I
might make it wider here so the cannon
doesn't look so big so yeah the track
the tracks there in the wheels there is
really detailed yeah I don't know and
there's if you take tracks off
there's even wheels behind those wheels
so you can see those behind them yeah so
I really I really like this Sherman
right
okay I almost got it oh there there
there a minute oh well you're the one
who said you need to get a close-up on
those details okay so here's the cannon
not that great that's probably the worst
part about this thing I can't I didn't
focus too much on it because I just want
to finish this hatch opens up but it
just reveals the stud and then you can
take off the top my god be quiet there
no one didn't take that long and so yeah
and I have two minifigs sitting there so
yeah it's got the driver in the front
and then the loader in the back yeah
that's pretty cool and then there's an
m1 grand and a Magnum pistol in there so
yeah that's what it looks like without
the top be quiet okay yeah so that's the
inside
okay so there it is and then it's got
the machine gun in front yeah so that's
pretty much it for my world war ii
vehicles come one let you guys think of
this so yeah and
you